https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Roads/Vehicle-Crossing-Specifications/Vehicle-Crossing-Class-C-Residential-Activities-Rural.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-AustinRattray.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Mayor-ADAMS-Toby.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-TILSLEY-Jo.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-LARKING-Tara.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/community/tracks-walks-cycle-trails  # no_html
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Waihi-Ward-MARTYN-Josh.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Awards/ONYA-Forms/Nomination%20Form%20ONYA%20Awards.docx  # no_html
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Roads/Vehicle-Crossing-Specifications/Vehicle-crossing-Class-D-E-Residential-Urban.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Roads/Vehicle-Crossing-Specifications/Vehicle-Crossing-Class-A-Standard-Articulated-Rural.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-SPICER-Anne-Marie.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Plains-Ward-CROOYMANS-Stephen.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-GARRETT-Rodney.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-BROAD-Ray.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-MILNER-Paul-Armstrong.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-JamesThorp.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Paeroa-Ward-MILNER-Paul-Armstrong.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-GeraldineJacobsen.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-MaxMcLean.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-RobertCooper.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-PhillipBuckthought.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Plains-Ward-BROAD-Ray%20.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2019-Expense-returns/Expenses-HONEY-Julian.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Events/Event-Planning/Event-Application-Form.docx  # no_html
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Plains-Ward-VAN-VLIET-Luke.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2016-Expense-Returns/ElectoralExpenses-JasonDavis.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Paeroa-Ward-BENNETT-Mike.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Rates-docs/Rates%20insert-April%202025  # no_html
https://www.hauraki-dc.govt.nz/repository/libraries/id:2jpo4nuxg17q9srdjc4b/hierarchy/Council/Elections/2022-Expense-Returns/Plains-Ward-MARTIN-Peter.pdf  # empty_pdf
