https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/landline-phone/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/bagssuitcases/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/sanitary-items/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/ash-fire-bbq/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/bikes/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/camping/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/tyres-car/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/electronic-waste-e-waste/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/chargers/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/tools/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/cds-and-dvds/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/fridges-freezers-and-other-whiteware/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/dryer/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/furniture/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/mattress/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/string-twine-and-rope/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plastic-recycling-crates/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/beds/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/fertilisers/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/flooring-tiles-vinyl-and-carpet/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/drinking-glasses/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/lithium-batteries/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/explosives/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/printers/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/confidential-documents/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plastic-bottles-and-containers-marked-1-2-and-5/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plastic-lids/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/ceramics-and-crockery/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/aluminium-or-tin-foil/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/child-car-seat-capsules-and-boosters/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/butane-canisters/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/coffee-pods-and-sachets/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/chairs/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/e-bike-batteries/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/kitchenware/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/magazines/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/e-scooter-batteries/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plastic-bags/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/bubble-wrap/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/pizza-boxes/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/car-batteries/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/nappies/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/clear-shrink-wrap/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/insulation-dry-and-clean/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/toys/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/corflute-signages/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/masks/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/guns-and-other-weapons/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plumbing/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/tv-television/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/leftover-food/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plastic-bottles-and-containers-marked-3-4-6-7/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/toilet-roll-inserts/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/books/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/dishwasher/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/glass-ovenware/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/curtains-and-blinds/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/ammunition-and-explosives/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/pet-products/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/computer-equipment/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/helium-cylinders/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/steel-or-tin-cans/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/appliances-household/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/takeaway-cups/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/paper/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/hazardous-waste/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/garden-chemicals/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/aluminium-lids/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/asbestos/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/paint/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/tetra-pak-cartons/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/oven/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/poisons/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/hoses-and-plastic-tubing/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/bricks-and-tiles/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/arts-and-crafts/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/green-waste/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/aerosol-cans/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/engine-oil/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/timber/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/glasses-prescription/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/roll-on-deodorant/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/agricultural-plastics/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/coffee-grinds-and-tea-bags/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/biohazardous-and-medical-waste/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/garden-tools/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/building-material/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/vegetable-oil/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/glass-bottles-and-jars/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/soft-plastics/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/mirrors/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/scrap-metal/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/glass-bottles-for-reuse/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/window-frames/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/gas-bottles/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plant-pots/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/food-surplus/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/lids/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/food-scraps/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/deceased-animals/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/blister-packs/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/textiles/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/compostable-packaging/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/glass-broken-window-pane/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/plastic-biodegradable-bags/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/steel-lids/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/agrichemicals/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/mercury-thermometers/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/needles-and-syringes-sharps/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/printer-cartridges/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/sports-equipment-ie-balls-bats-kayaks-surf-boards-skis-snowboards-and-wetsuits/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/ski-gear/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/ppe/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/vhs-tapescassettes/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/hardfill/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/doors/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/junk-mail/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/cleanfill/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/cell-phones/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/laptops/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/umbrella/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/wine-bottle-tops/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/wheelie-bins/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/egg-tray/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/aluminium-cans/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/brochures-or-flyers/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/tea-bagsleaves/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/cardboard/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/wooden-pallets/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/vapes-e-cigarettes-and-vape-batteries/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/fluorescent-and-eco-light-bulbs/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/batteries/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/clothes-and-shoes/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/polystyrene-packaging/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/washing-machine/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/heaterradiator/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/fire-extinguishers/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/electric-blanket/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/flares/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/liquid-paperboard-cartons/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/linen-and-manchester/  # no_html
https://www.qldc.govt.nz/services/rubbish-recycling/rubbish-and-recycling-items/fireworks/  # no_html
