https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/Policies/Hearing Commissioners Policy.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/Policies/Development Contributions Policy 2024.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/Policies/Financial Contributions Policy 2024.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter April 2020.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter July 2022.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/uploads/localelections/CPS-KpDC-WETHEY_P.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter January 2014.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Water Rates Flyer July 2022.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/building-guidance-consents/uploads/lim/LIM App Form 2024-25 v2.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter April 2021.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter Oct 2022 Kaiwaka Mangawhai.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/bylaws/FINAL 3 April 2024 amended Consolidated General Bylaw 2020 PDF.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/uploads/localelections/SIMON-Christian.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/bylaws/CGB Part 1 Introduction.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/taharoa/TDRMP%202016%20Final%2020092016.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/services/water-services/wastewater/mangawhai-wastewater/uploads/wastewater/MCWWS/Mangawhai Monitoring report  19062020- full compliance.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/meetings/uploads/meetings/tepou/PTTRHP Agenda 05 March 2019 complete.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/client/en_AU/kaipara/  # no_html
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/services/water-services/wastewater/uploads/wastewater/MCWWS/Appendix D Directionally Drilled Option Estimate.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter July 2016 Final.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/services/water-services/wastewater/uploads/wastewater/MCWWS/MCWWS Beca Hunter H2O Peer Review and Options Report.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Water Rates Flyer July 2024.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/Policies/Class 4 Gambling Venues Policy 2024 pdf.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/policies-bylaws-and-legislation/uploads/bylaws/Taharoa Domain Bylaws.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter Oct 2022 Dargaville.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/meetings/uploads/meetings/mangawhai/MCPGCminutes 15 July 2019 OPEN confirmed.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/services/alcohol-licensing/uploads/resource-consents/MT_RMA%20s87BA%20App%202023%20v5.pdf  # empty_pdf
https://www.kaipara.govt.nz/council/mayor-and-councillors/commissioner-reports-archived/uploads/rate-newsletters/Rates Newsletter January 2018.pdf  # empty_pdf
